Noted that each stacking module has two ports with which it's used to connect it to another such as
stacking module so as an example if you've got four switches Each switch has a stacking module and four
cables are used to connect the four switches together the way you think of this is the switches are
a stack of switches in the same rack.
One of the reasons for doing that is that the stacking cables are very short in length so it's expected
that the switches are physically positioned next to each other or on top of each other.
As an example some of the Cisco stacking cables are only half a meter in length or one meter in length
or three meters in length.
Again you need to think of a switch stack as a logical single switch.
You may have four physical switches but logically that acting as one switch one of the switches in the
stack becomes the stack master and it's used to control the rest of the switches in the stack.
The physical stacking cables connect the physical switches to each other and allow for communication
between the switches in the stack but the master switch is in control of the stack.
If as an example you have four switches in a stack and a frame arrives on switch four and needs to exit
out a switch three but switch one as the master switch switches 1 3 and 4 all need to communicate over
the stack links to forward the frame such as one three and four would need to communicate with each
other over the stack.
Links to forward the frame switch one being the master switch would match the Ethan at frame to the
MAC address table and would then decide out of which port to forward the frame.
Think of the master switch as the brain of the stack logically in a topology like this.
We have two physical switches but logically they are a single switch and the same would be true if we
had four switches.